docs(website): clarifiy in subscription management docs that you can self-host every plan (#2929)
glasskube/distr: website/src/content/docs/docs/getting-started/account/choosing-a-plan.mdx

**Key characteristics:**

- Everything in Business, plus unlimited usage at a flat yearly rate
- Advanced features: customer billing, custom roles, SAML SSO, workflows and automation
- Documentation pages, wiki, and ticket system
- Public registry and CVE scanning
- Custom registry storage and log retention
- Dedicated infrastructure
- Custom contracts and procurement support
- Dedicated support engineer, phone support, and SLA

<Aside type="note">
  Enterprise plans include custom pricing based on your specific needs. [Contact
  us](/contact/) to discuss Enterprise options.
</Aside>

## Distr Cloud or Self-Hosted

Every plan is available on Distr Cloud and self-hosted, with the same feature set either way. Where Distr runs is a separate decision from which plan you pick:

> - **Distr Cloud** - We operate the Hub, the registry, and log storage for you at [app.distr.sh](https://app.distr.sh), so there is nothing to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Distr Cloud** - We operate Distr, the registry, and log storage for you at [app.distr.sh](https://app.distr.sh), so there is nothing to install.
```

> - **Self-hosted** - You run the Hub in your own environment with Docker Compose or Kubernetes, and bring your own PostgreSQL database and S3-compatible object storage. A license key unlocks your plan, so [contact us](/contact/) to get one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Self-hosted** - You run Distr in your own environment with Docker Compose or Kubernetes, and bring your own PostgreSQL database and S3-compatible object storage. A license key unlocks your plan, so [contact us](/contact/) to get one.
```
